`Development`: Add documentation about additional communication features (#7311)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/user/communication.rst

Conversation sidebar on the left, where users can search for other participants of the current course and start a conversation
with them.

> If the recipient is browsing another conversation when they receive a new message, an icon with unread message count is displayed in their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the recipient is browsing another conversation when they receive a new message, an icon with an unread-messages counter is displayed in their
```

> Conversation sidebar, next to the affiliated conversation that the new message was sent to. This way, users become aware of the new message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conversation sidebar, next to the affiliated conversation that the new message was sent to. This way, users become aware of the new message
```

|messages|

If the message content contains links, a preview of the link will be shown under the message. This way, users will have a good understanding

> of what that link is about. If they don't want to have the preview, by hovering over the preview, an `X` button will appear,
> and after clicking, the preview will be removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of what that link is about. If they prefer not to have a preview, they can hover over the preview and click the appearing `X` button.
The preview will be removed.
```
I think subjects in this sentence are a bit hard to grasp

|link-preview|

> If the message contains more than one link, then the preview will not have a preview image of the link to have more compact previews

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the message contains more than one link, the preview will not have a preview image of the link to have more compact previews
```

> If the message contains more than one link, then the preview will not have a preview image of the link to have more compact previews
> multiple links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the message contains more than one link, then the preview will not have a preview image of the link to have more compact previews for multiple links.
```

Users can refer to lectures of the current course, via the dropdown menu ``Lecture`` available on the posting markdown
editor (see image above). Here, lecture attachments can be found in a nested structure.

Reference Lecture Attachment Units
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Users can refer to lecture attachment units of the current course, via the dropdown menu ``Lecture`` available on the posting markdown
> editor (see image below). Here, lecture attachment units can be found when users hover over the specific lecture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can refer to lecture attachment units of the current course via the dropdown menu ``Lecture`` available on the posting markdown
editor, see image below. Here, lecture attachment units can be found when users hover over the specific lecture.
```

Reference Lecture Unit Slides
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Users can refer to lecture unit slides of the current course, via the dropdown menu ``Lecture``. Here, slides can be found when users

> hover over specific unit (see image below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hover over a specific unit (see image below).
```

> Users can refer to lecture unit slides of the current course, via the dropdown menu ``Lecture``. Here, slides can be found when users
> hover over a specific unit (see image below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can refer to lecture unit slides of the current course via the dropdown menu ``Lecture``. Here, slides can be found when users
hover over a specific unit, see image below.
```

|slide-reference-menu|

> After the user references a single slide they can see as image included in the message. Additionally they can preview the slide
> in order to easily read the content by clicking the image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the user references a single slide they can see an image included in the message. Additionally, they can preview the slide
in order to easily read the content by clicking the image.
```

Reviewer 3: Maybe it should be `they can see it as an image`?
